##Summary of the Community's Needs
The current size of our community is around 100 students. Due to our University being only 2 years old we have around 1,300 students enrolled, all with technology focused majors. Being in an all STEM school I would like to expand the community to at least 15% of the school’s population, or 195 students. This means that I want to expand the community to about double its current population.

The community at FPU, has access to internet and computers to program on. They also have limited access to hardware. This hardware includes Arduinos, Raspberry Pi’s, basic electronics, and some drones. Occasionally, we will get guest speakers from industry to come and give free seminars and there are clubs that regularly give workshops.

My community prefers to communicate through email and social media. Email is most effective for announcements and outreach, and social media is better for regular reminders for meetings or events, and questions.

Currently the hacker community is underdeveloped; There is a large amount of interest however the community is not engaged or does not know how to become engaged. I would like to believe that our community is very welcoming. However, because we all have become so close, it may be turning off new members. This is like how you may be hesitant to join a new friend group because it seems like it is already established and you are unneeded. I think it is good that we are aware of this though and make an effort to personally walk up to new faces and introduce ourselves/make conversation.

##Your Proposal
I want to focus on growing the hacking community here at FPU. We know that there is more interest in hacking and we still have more to grow to meet that interest. At the beginning of the next semester I plan on having a couple meetups to try and reach out to the underclassmen. Hopefully this will also help us reach out to more women in CS who are interested in learning or being more involved. At the meeting I am going to encourage any new people to go to the next meeting and bring a friend.

One of my main goals is to establish an online platform for our community. I want to create a webpage where everyone can have easy access to our resources and tools. This way more people can become involved/benefit even if they cannot make our club meetings or workshops.

##Your Proposal's Impact
My proposal is going to impact new students with an interest in being more involved and who want to learn more. Hopefully that will include more women, because women are hard to reach out to and retain at FPU. If the outreach is successful we will be able to make a large community of people who can reach out to each other for anything they may need. To make sure that the proposal happens I am going to need to find someone to sponsor the meet up. I am going to start internally, and ask the CS professors if they know of any resources for people trying to get students more involved in coding. The next step after that would be to write up a proposal for SGA and see if there is a possibility that the student government can support the event. The next possible resources are clubs within the university. I will ask different related clubs if they would be interested in helping promote the event and, if they have any resources, if they would be interested in paying for food.

One possible outcome of the meetup as well is finding someone to help me make an online media platform (website). The plan is to make a subdomain under the hackathon’s domain, PolyHacks. The website would most likely be shape.polyhacks.com and it would be a way for us (the community leaders) to let people know when events are happening, post resources or workshops we have made, and propagate our community values. I have been in charge of community outreach and branding for the hackathon, so I believe I have all the tools needed to recruit new people, the hard part is retaining them after the event. I am also going to be talking to the student life coordinator for the university to try and make sure I am reaching out as efficiently as possible.

I don’t have a very concrete timeline but I would like to have the meet up in early January (at the beginning of the semester) and have an online platform up and running by the beginning of March.

##Planning for the Future
The effectiveness of the event will be observable after the next two meetings. That is when we will be able to see the retention and growth rate difference. A successful event could result in a >10% increase in attendance to our meetings. As long as we have interest in hacking I will do everything I can to empower the people in the community. As long as they are interested, I will help them find new opportunities and knowledgeable people.
